Revisited security considerations (#249)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-s2s-protocol: draft-ietf-wimse-workload-creds.md

### Limiting Workload Identity Token Lifespan

The WIT MUST have a limited lifetime expressed through the `exp` claim. If both a WIT and its corresponding private key are compromised, an attacker can impersonate the workload until the WIT expires. Because JWT-based credentials such as the WIT are not generally revocable on demand, a short expiration is the primary mitigation against continued use of a compromised WIT and key. WITs SHOULD therefore be short-lived, typically on the order of hours, with the chosen lifetime balancing the operational cost of frequent refresh against the window of exposure if a credential is compromised.

### Limiting Proof of Possession Lifespan

The proof of possession MUST be time limited. A PoP should only be valid over the time necessary for it to be successfully used for the purpose it is needed. This will typically be on the order of minutes.  PoPs received outside their validity time MUST be rejected.

### Limiting Proof of Possession Scope

> In order to reduce the risk of theft and replay the PoP should have a limited scope. For example, a PoP may be targeted for use with a specific workload and even a specific transaction to reduce the impact of a stolen PoP. In some cases a workload may wish to reuse a PoP for a period of time or have it accepted by multiple target workloads. A careful analysis is warranted to understand the impacts to the system if a PoP is disclosed allowing it to be presented by an attacker along with a captured WIT.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this section or another section talk about using audience to limit PoP?

Author: I find audience is too protocol specific. While now both http-sig and WPT have audience I'm not sure every possible binding will have an audience.

Reviewer 2: http-sig probably shouldn't even have an "audience"

Reviewer: yea, its a slippery slope, rereading the text I think it captures scope fine.

### Replay Protection

Proof of possession mechanisms should include replay protection to prevent reuse of a captured PoP. Without it an attacker can replay a captured PoP within its validity period.

### Binding to TLS Endpoint

The POP MAY be bound to a transport layer sender such as the client identity of a TLS session or TLS channel binding parameters. The mechanisms for binding are outside the scope of this specification.

## Workload Identity Certificate

> The Workload Identity Certificate carries the workload identifier in a single URI SubjectAltName ({{to-wic}}). As with the WIT, the identifier is meaningful only within its trust domain. A relying party MUST validate the certificate against the trust anchors configured for the peer's trust domain ({{trust-anchors}}) and MUST bind the workload identifier to that trust domain and the trust anchor used. Evaluating the path or other components of the identifier without also considering the trust domain and the trust anchor can allow one trust domain to impersonate workloads in another. Protocol-specific certificate validation requirements are defined in {{!I-D.ietf-wimse-mutual-tls}}.

Reviewer: What do you mean by bind?  The identifier is already bound to the trust domain and trust anchor by the first part of this sentence.  Maybe you want to say the relying party MUST reject workload identifier in a credential that is not validated by a trust anchor for the trust domain in its identifier.

Reviewer 2: I think I agree with @jsalowey here.

Reviewer 2: something like this? 
```suggestion
The Workload Identity Certificate carries the workload identifier in a single URI SubjectAltName ({{to-wic}}). As with the WIT, the identifier is meaningful only within its trust domain. A relying party MUST validate the certificate against the trust anchors configured for the peer's trust domain ({{trust-anchors}}) and MUST reject the certificate if the workload identifier is not within that trust domain and the trust anchor used. Evaluating the path or other components of the identifier without also considering the trust domain and the trust anchor can allow one trust domain to impersonate workloads in another. Protocol-specific certificate validation requirements are defined in {{!I-D.ietf-wimse-mutual-tls}}.
```
